+str Add statefulMap to Flow and Source (#31330)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/stream/operators/Source-or-Flow/statefulMap.md

# statefulMap

Transform each element into a state and an element that is individually passed downstream.

@ref[Simple operators](../index.md#simple-operators)

## Signature

@apidoc[Flow.statefulMap](Flow) { scala="#statefulMap[S,T](
create: () = &gt S,f:(S, Out) =&gt (S,T); onComplete: () =$gt Option[T]):FlowOps.this.Repr[T]" java="#statefulMap(
akka.japi.function.Creator,akka.japi.function.Function,akka.japi.function.Function)" }

## Description

> Transform each input element into a pair of an element of T and a state of S. The element will be emitted downstream and
> the state will be passed to the next step in the chain. The returned T MUST NOT be null as it is illegal as stream
> element - according to the Reactive Streams specification. For stateless variant see @ref:[map](map.md). The initial
> state is created using the given function create when the flow is materializing. The onComplete function is called only
> once when the upstream or downstream finished, You can do some clean-up here, and if the returned value is not empty, it
> will be emitted to the downstream if available, otherwise the value will be dropped. Adheres to the
> ActorAttributes.SupervisionStrategy attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transform each stream element with the help of a state. 

The state creation function is invoked once when the stream is materialized and the returned state is passed to the mapping function for mapping the first element. 

The mapping function returns a mapped element to emit downstream and a state to pass to the next mapping function. The state can be the same for each mapping return, be a new immutable state but it is also safe to use a mutable state.

The on complete function is called, once, when the first of upstream completion, downstream cancellation or stream failure happens. If the cause is upstream completion and the downstream is still accepting elements, the returned value from the function is passed downstream before completing the operator itself, for the other cases the returned value is ignored.

The `statefulMap` operator adheres to the
ActorAttributes.SupervisionStrategy attribute.

For mapping stream elements without keeping a state see @ref:[map](map.md).
```

> 

Reviewer: This one would be very good to have a few samples for - simple one, one that emits option/optional/sequence and flattens downstream, perhaps one that interacts with some resource, but we can add that later.

# statefulMap

Transform each element into a state and an element that is individually passed downstream.

@ref[Simple operators](../index.md#simple-operators)

## Signature

@apidoc[Flow.statefulMap](Flow) { scala="#statefulMap%5BS%2CT%5D%28create%3A%28%29%3D%3ES%29%28f%3A%28S%2COut%29%20%3D%3E%28S%2CT%29%2ConComplete%3AS%3D%3EOption%5BT%5D%29%3ARepr%5BT%5D" java="#statefulMap(akka.japi.function.Creator,akka.japi.function.Function2,akka.japi.function.Function)" }

> 

Reviewer 2: I failed to make it shorter
